who is it this time Happy Hanukkah hot
food chicken breast making time all
right what is it bad this is chef Gao
kun back at you again and today I'm
gonna be teaching you how to make tender
chicken breasts I think black let's get
started
first cut open the package this is good
chicken breast right here now wash the
chicken
make sure you handle your dress careful
you don't want to break them
with
we all know what she likes now dry your
chicken this is the important step you
have to dry your chicken before you cook
it that's how you ensure you get the
best results all right once your chicken
breast is dried it's time to season
since we're lazy we're just gonna use
these turn on the stove to medium add
the oil after the oil is heated place
your chicken inside the pan
[Music]
so right now what we're doing is waiting
to the outside lab which keep it trill
that'll make it better all right so now
the chicken is on the grill the most
important thing this is how you make
tender chicken I actually discovered
this trick my eyes so like one day of
trying to save time I was gonna take
shower and I was gonna cook chicken for
lunch right and I left it on low heat
when I came back from the shower chicken
was good but when I dug into it it was
very tender so now I do this every
single time and then guarantees very
tender chicken breast what you got to do
is cook your chicken on low heat it
takes an extra 5 to 10 minutes but it's
definitely worth it low heat major key
all right while we're waiting you want
to drink Eileen yeah okay I got just the
right thing for you want some bad beer
are you here
[Applause]
platings very one that all right it's
finally got the juice
[Music]
but yeah no yeah no yeah nice that's a
chef's coil signature chicken and come
back all right here
all right here
hey here
[Music]